update view file extension configuration example (#117)
yiisoft/yii2-twig: docs/guide/installation.md

```

> After it's done you can create templates in files that have the `.twig` extension (or use another file extension but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After it's done you can create templates in files that have the `.twig` extension. If you want to use another file extension,
```

> configure the component accordingly). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you need to configure the component accordingly. Below is an example for `.html`:
```

> For file extension `.html`, you could just replace `twig` with `html` like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```php
[
    'components' => [
        'view' => [
            'class' => 'yii\web\View',
            'renderers' => [
                'html' => [
                    'class' => 'yii\twig\ViewRenderer',
                    'cachePath' => '@runtime/Twig/cache',
                    // Array of twig options:
                    'options' => [
                        'auto_reload' => true,
                    ],
                    'globals' => [
                        'html' => ['class' => '\yii\helpers\Html'],
                    ],
                    'uses' => ['yii\bootstrap'],
                ],
                // ...
            ],
        ],
    ],
]
```

Unlike standard view files, when using Twig you must include the extension
in your `$this->render()` controller call:

```php
return $this->render('renderer.twig', ['username' => 'Alex']);
```

> You can see code datails in:

Reviewer: I'm not sure it's interesting for developer to read the code during installation of the extension.
